listen this show this show is it right
now I know some people are put off by
maybe the corniness or they they
probably think it's like a CW show or
MTV show and I'm telling you this is one
of Netflix's best this is a story that's
usually like the side plot in a lot of
major networks but netflix has taken it
and given it its own voice like we've
all seen shows that are authentic right
but they may not have like the best
camerawork they're shot like a damn
progressive commercial or maybe you've
seen others where they do have
characters and they're very popular but
you can tell that those minority
characters are written by people who've
never actually met those people in real
life this show ever exceeds in all those
boxes I've covered season 1 way back
when because that ending it hit hard so
the moment season 2 dropped I
double-checked my locks I grabbed my hat
Ito's safely and securely stream the
show thanks to expressvpn
and bro how is season 2 better than
season 1 let me explain like I said if
you want our thoughts on season 1 and
how I thought the show perfectly
balanced comedy and drama we already got
you right here but in terms of season 2
for those who don't know the series
follows four friends in the fictional
town of free Ridge California where
they're just going through your standard
John Hughes high school drama except for
the fact that there's two rival gangs
looming over them and one of the friends
is forced to join now I'm assuming you
guys already seen the show because I'm
gonna talk about it from that
perspective so if you haven't definitely
go see it so we can second handle out of
this conversation and just go see it and
give it a try because what I love about
the show is that you always hear about
bad neighborhoods or maybe you come from
one and there's always this notion that
there's like only shootings that happen
there like no one has any goals it's
just like they wake up and they wonder
who they're gonna shoot today that's how
it is at all
this show actually shows their world the
friendships that they have and just
breaking down the characters we have the
main ones like Ruby who's actually based
off of one of the creators he's short so
he makes up for it with his talking but
my man's also been in Logan and the get
down so whenever he hits you with a move
or an emotional punch it's like well
yeah of course I mean this man is gonna
go places he's got the acting chops and
that's actually something I think for
the entire cab
for those of you who have seen the movie
short-term 12 and how we look back on
how that movie created so many stars I
hope we look back on on my block on this
picture right here and go damn I
remember when they started here the
biggest reason I think season 2 is
better though is mainly because the
Rubies character like I'm sure everyone
watching season one got so accustomed to
the comedy they thought it was all funny
that Caesar was the only one in danger
never Ruby it just shows you the
repercussions you know I thought they
had Riki Ruby the fact that it ended up
being Olivia who died was sad but I'm
pretty sure we all preferred Ruby being
alive and then Ruby even gives her a
Spanish dictionary when they visit her
memorial
I'm with Ruby that girl was many things
definitely not a linguist yeah she once
called those Jetha Roger wasn't just
because of that death though season 2
Ruby is having these emotional
breakdowns almost every party is ruined
because it triggers that PTSD he's
feeling survivor's guilty he's more
upset that his family had to feel that
pain than the literal physical pain he
felt and this man kills it that said
there was also these crazy speeches
written for him that you know I'll be
honest didn't really work for me I'm not
saying that people who can give long
garyvee monologues but felt more like a
writer speaking through him if that
makes any sense
surprisingly though for a character that
talks a lot it's the moments where he
talks the least that I think hit the
most
[Music]
now Caesars an interesting character and
the beauty of it is that it doesn't even
start with him his brother spooky could
probably lead a whole season on his own
you know just because of the death
they've given him and the thing about
that is that we've seen spooky before in
a lot of movies it's always the same I
can't even call it a character more like
a stand-in for cholo number one you know
shout out to actors like Cliff Curtis
and nolg who have always kind of been
typecast into these roles and they never
were allowed to really flesh them out
but I'm glad to see that both of these
guys are now getting better roles and
I'm glad to see what they did was spooky
in this season I just think about it you
ever wonder how this affects people who
are only seeing that portrayal of
Mexicans on TV like if they haven't met
other Mexicans some people are ignorant
enough to think that every person just
looks like that that's how they act get
the hell out of there with that when
spooky started talking about how he
wanted to go to college his perspective
and the sacrifices that he's made his
loyalty and hurt when dealing with his
little brother who not only let him down
but then he asked to put everything on
the line to save him bro you can tell
this was written by someone who eats how
what got this and not just avocado toast
I know some people have brought up how
the Santos are the main focus and that
they kind of looked down on the profits
and I think that's all about perspective
I think the show is more nuanced and
subtle to the point that I have no doubt
the show runners are going to focus in
on the profits and their side in future
seasons you know and if they do do this
one thing that I loved and I'll say for
the out of the video back to Cesar he
was being forced into this gang and
because he didn't want to be a part of
it and he decided to not do the command
that was commanded of him that mistake
ends up coming back to hurt his friends
and now this dude's feeling all guilty
that whole sophomore season is about him
feeling unwanted because it's almost
like he was predestined to be in this
gang like he never even had a choice
which is insane come on say witch let me
check this real quick
yeah once a is about to be a lot of
people's crushes if she isn't already
like a storyline with her in Caesar was
cool right I get it it's cute everyone's
still making their love montages for
them on YouTube but that storyline with
her mom though I get that the dad raised
monster right the dad who stayed is
going through this conundrum
obviously wanting to keep his daughter
but at the same time he knows that's
selfish because this place is dangerous
but in terms of the mom I mean yeah
she's better than Billy Batson's but the
fact that she lies that she's spreading
all these different things after she was
the one who deserted Monse like I hate
when people lie and put other people
down to hide the fact they're the
scumbags faking domestic abuse for
sympathy leaving your daughter because
you don't know how genetic works ma'am
I'm literally trying to tell you guys
something that will positively change
your lives
then there's Jamal who Roger miles Wylie
there's a scene where he eats tiny
edibles this season and I was like in
this man eating edibles all the time you
know like I know a lot of people love
his character my man's just got way too
much stamina for me but he was the one
who found the fabled roller world money
but then I guess he lost it so there's
that
[Music]
okay who said jasmine was a top three
character I thought my list was set and
solidified and then season two jasmine
comes in wanting to be so close to ruby
that that included the number one spot
as well don't get me wrong I know a lot
of people with this energy right and I'm
not giving a pass to lines like these
does that mean but for every bad line
they gave her there were others that
made me spit out my hat ethos so tell me
if you squeeze them titties hard enough
does Mel come out I don't know Curran
you're like I couldn't and again it's
seeing her backstory that makes you love
her even more like we all thought she
was annoying season one and I won't
season two it's like yo out of all the
friends she's probably the most loyal
because to be honest Jasmine and Jamal
may be running on honeycomb cereal
because they're always hyped up but
they're like the least appreciated in
the group and I'm pretty sure that's
gonna come back in future seasons
[Music]
I'm gonna be honest I don't even like
this work hold on the next wife listen
did y'all know Alamitos got canceled by
white people for not embracing diversity
enough a couple years back yo back in
the eighties e days we had made a video
praising how koco's authenticity
compared to the faux diversity some
other projects had right and that was
coming from my Mexican perspective
because let's keep it real we can tell
when the writer actually knows what
they're writing or if they're just you
know going off stereotypes or you know
things that they've seen before we know
that the term is now a marketing ploy
right like many don't use it because
they actually care for diversity they
just know diversity means a more diverse
fun so we just got to keep it honest you
know it ain't everyone but just like
Oscar bait there's most def diversity
baiting so to make a video expressing
that and honoring a project that i
thought i got it right and then having
y'all know what is that value
y'all ever have why people explain your
experiences to you and for those people
cuz i already hear them in the comments
Caleb's the Billie's out there look if
you're one of the good ones and then
don't say it we know you're one of the
good ones yeah if the shoe don't fit
don't worry about it just leave it what
I really want to focus on is the
positive because we noticed when the
writers know nothing about the viewpoint
they're writing for so hearing that
these writers and day players shared
similar experiences it shows they
realize that just like the show life is
a tonal shift and I went at all the
aspects like hearing that the creators a
hundred and seventeen cousins help make
up all the pictures around the
refrigerator is awesome that the crew
was so tight they had producers and
supervisors playing extras the damn
writers were smoking it out on the set
this line about the highway leaped out
recognizing or goeco like on my block
y'all know we're watching you like you
know all eyes are on you so yeah when I
say that the word diversity has been
played out it's because I'm so used to
people approaching it in a lazy way or
it's fake you know like JK Rowling
making claims because you wants that
credit but doesn't put the work in so I
think a representation may be a better
word I even hate putting labels but at
least on representation you have to
represent they can't just be a cardboard
cutout and in this show I'm glad to say
they never are
[Music]
now I've heard the weirdest thing in
terms of that cliffhanger ending to me
it has to be something Billy the creator
said they knew how season 1 was going to
end because they had it all planned out
and it's true season one's ending
resonated throughout all of season 2 so
this one can't be something like oh they
just got kidnapped for a birthday party
no it's got to be something that really
affects them throughout all of season 3
I personally have faith that it well
I've heard theories that I've heard
theories of some people saying it's
Olivia's parents coming back for revenge
and I'm like what do you what do you
mean I'm pretty sure it has to do with
the role of world money but in terms of
other theories I do believe Chivo maybe
little Ricky who left the game to start
a new life
I do believe seizures fling it's gonna
come back to be a pregnant plot point
that we're gonna see and I definitely
think we're gonna see more from the
profits perspective my hope of course is
that they focus a little bit more on
Luttrell's arc obviously it's gonna take
some time but you know just think about
this idea like in season 5 Luttrell is a
part of the crew he's like won them over
like they've all gotten along that'd be
something that's so crazy not just
because of the message that it would
send but that idea of going back to
season 1 and not being able to fathom
that he used to be the quote-unquote bad
guy I love when shows build characters
like that the creators have stated that
Monza is going to be playing an even
bigger role in the future and I could
definitely see her leaving for a couple
of episodes still covering her at the
boarding school and all that stuff but
then coming back because obviously she
wouldn't leave her friends I also love
all the creators of the show look at the
characters sort of like in seasons like
I was talking about with Jasmine she was
annoying in season one but then after
everything you learn about her in season
2 you look at her differently and I'm
wondering who else we're gonna learn
more of and then see them differently if
we were to rewatch the episodes you know
there's also the idea that Mona's mom
right now may be a bad influence but who
knows what the future holds it's really
building up on that idea that the movie
blind spotting hit on where you don't
judge someone for one thing or or think
that they're bound to it but that people
can change or perspectives you know are
sometimes not what they seem and the
show's doing that outside of its
characters you know anytime anyone talks
about the hood the ghetto the inner city
there's the notion that nothing good
comes out of there that all the kids are
bad but they're not
we've just rarely shared their stories
we didn't realize that portraying only
the negative is exactly what breeds it
back that the black story was being told
from people probably not from it and why
I believe those telling it authentically
should be praised for making a
difference you know I used to get on
camera and talk about Street [ __ ] right
or talk about guy and culture man and
then I get to my show and everybody want
to show me that they hard and everybody
fighting in the crowd and shooting up
the parking lot and so I'm like damn you
know I'm I'm I'm putting out of energy
through these interviews or through this
conversation I'm having on camera that's
bringing him it's showing back up in my
show so that's when I decided I'm gonna
speak what I want to see and I started
talking about business and oh yeah
speaking about opportunity and speaking
about progress and optimism and I saw
that come back to me also
thank you guys for watching this video
and a big shout-out to expressvpn you
know we're super grateful for the
sponsors that we get on this channel
because not only does it help it but
they also push us to cover stories like
these which like you don't even realize
how that's one of the best parts like we
respect that a lot and in 2019 you're
gonna need protection from everything
especially when you're online and out of
all the VPNs we tried trust us if there
was a better one you'd be seeing their
name here instead we use it a lot for
streaming because it has a faster speeds
it's on every app which is dope since
we're watching one episode on TV then on
a tablet then on the computer and with
all the tickets were buying online for
movies it keeps our cards secure from
all the freaking Marvel hackers trying
to swap up our endgame tickets it's less
than seven dollars a month and the best
part is the 30-day guarantee because you
know if someone isn't giving you that 30
day guarantee
they're probably bamboozling you so if
you go to expressvpn comm slash let me
explain you can find out how to get
three months free so you can protect
yourself online as you wait for season 3
of on my block but just know ain't gonna
protect your computer from crumbs like
mone says what once a what were you
thinking
other than that I'm curious to know your
guys thoughts down below in the comment
section which season do you like more I
obviously love season to weigh more than
season 1 but that's like that's not a
bad thing that's the way it was set up
to be and yet they're saying season 4
he's gonna be better I'm excited for it
let me know your favorite character is
your theories on what's gonna happen all
that good stuff down below anything else
you want us to cover and remember don't
forget to comment like and subscribe and
we'll send you the roller world money
your way